docs: Add Cost estimates section to the README (#13)
near/near-lake-framework: README.md

* `s3_region_name: String` - provide the region for AWS S3 bucket
* `start_block_height: u64` - block height to start the stream from

## Cost estimates

> **TL;DR** approximately $18.15 per month (for AWS S3 access, payed directly to AWS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TL;DR** approximately $18.15 per month (for AWS S3 access, paid directly to AWS) for the reading of fresh blocks
```

Reviewer: Major: it's not true since we will make `list` request more frequently :(

Author: > I think it's a good idea also to provide the cost of reading the data from genesis till some date (we should take into account that 4 shards were introduced just recently)

IMO the most important and most frequent use case is to run an indexer following the tip of the network. So I think if anyone except us needs to read from genesis they can follow the logic of calculations to estimate the cost for their usecase.

Explanation:

Assuming NEAR Protocol produces accurately 1 block per second (which is relly not, average block production time is 1.3s). Full day consists of 86400 seconds, that's the max number of blocks can be produced.

According the [Amazon S3 prices](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/pricing/?nc1=h_ls) `list` requests are charged for $0.005 per 1000 requests and `get` is charged for $0.0004 per 1000 requests.

Calculations (assuming we are following the tip of the network all the time):

```
86400 blocks per day * 5 requests for each block / 1000 requests * $0.0004 per 1k requests = $0.173 * 30 days = $5.19
```
**Note:** 5 requests for each blocks means we have 4 shards (1 file for common block data and 4 separate files for each shard)

And a number of `list` requests we need to perform for a day:

```
86400 blocks per day / 1000 requests * $0.005 per 1k list requests = $0.432 * 30 days = $12.96

$5.19 + $12.96 = $18.15
```

> The price depends on the number of shards but the difference wouldn't be drastic

Reviewer: It linearly depends, so it could be drastic
